long division criminal convoy normally I
just let these guys kill each other off
sounds like they're gonna pick a public
venue for their ambush I'm not gonna let
that happen
this convoy mission is one of the most
difficult it's like a difficulty for
stars from five more difficult is only
the last mission so for this convoy I
need more armored vehicle armored or
ambulance is perfect so that is why I
took ambulance why this corner convoy is
difficult because there are two targets
that you cannot kill there are six
vehicles and there are two in forces
pretty strong and actually it's easy to
stop them
and but later the problem is what will
happen after you stop them so they will
all attack you and to enforces will rush
to you so that is why you need heavy
armored vehicle and you cannot enforce
us usually run with the target directly
so it's difficult to use explosives so
that what I will do I will disrupt
traffic a little bit to have some time
for preparation this is the perfect
ambush point this is a steam pipe and
there is a bridge in front so actually
there are two typical points the steam
pipe and also you can open the bridge
between two targets but that's difficult
to do so now what I will do I will
explode the steam pipe and try to take
over the first vehicle within forces
also I will place a lot of bombs but
mostly what is my purpose I will bombs
put bombs a little bit more far what
will happen that vehicle with enforcer
later will rush to chase me and I will
try to lure them into that bombs and
later I will try to explode explode them
so anyway my purpose is by
firstly take over the first vehicle with
the enforcer and later targets will go
down go get out of the vehicle but later
I will drive forward so enforces will
rush to catch me it will separate
enforces with the targets because I
cannot kill targets with the explosives
and later I will lure them to explode
this and start to blow them okay it's
time to vote for me you see they're
shooting me so that is why I need pretty
good armored vehicle enforcer
you see enforcer ryan afternoon okay I
took him with explosive
I think first
cause I do Kim
so I don't want to go out of the vehicle
now because it's still too dangerous for
me and the ambulances field that is
so anyway these two targets Oh oops
oh that's okay that's okay anyway they
will go and try to find me so now I can
take them easily one by one at least I
don't have enforces I have the destroyer
gun but still is difficult to do
you should be very careful not to take
targets here from this point is
everything is simple mostly somehow you
should separate the target
and you should get the read of
reinforces okay now there are only two
targets left so I should Jim
communications I don't need police and I
don't need the in enforcement now yeah I
should wait for them so I put back God
because I'm afraid that I'm carefully I
will shoot them and the mission will
fail anyway every I played this mission
and several times several attempts it's
not an easy mission yeah take a look
it's good idea take a look come to take
a look
come to take a look
oh that's it have a nice game